Oops oops
I'm pissed off.
I didn't expect that trash to really take Company Commander Wang
Please come and remember Xiao Wang
If he doesn't go to the flower group to explain
Our family is going to be completely over, petty bourgeoisie
Maybe we really have a misunderstanding about small meals
What nonsense are you talking about?
Dean Wang said
Dr. Zhao was taken away for taking bribes
Is it possible that he was bribed to pay attention?
And framing Xiaocai does not have the bone marrow of Juejian?
Hey, sister, why would you doubt Xiaolin?
He's the kid we grew up with.
Besides, he even saved my life
You forgot
I remember you telling me once you fell into the water
If it wasn't for Kobayashi, you would die
But that doesn't mean Xiao Can will harm us.
I always felt that he was extremely disappointed in his father
I don't want to go back to the Jiang family
Rather than really wanting to harm the Jiang family
Sister, you are too kind.
Don't think so well of him.
Don't you forget
He stole something on the first day he came to the Jiang family
You said that if he has grievances, he can tell us.
Then he said nothing
No, I just want to take away the family property
To get revenge on the auntie nearby
But oh no but
He almost brought his family to death
Don't speak for him, okay?
Oops, let's go, let's go